# CS330
# How do I approach designing software?
My main approach to designing software is to first design and plan according to the requiremnts set. This project has introduced me to OpenGl and with that I have learned a lot of different skills within this program. Most specifically, I learne to declare and initiate shapes within a 3D environment. I used the graded rubric to plan and outline my design process to make sure my program hits the nail on the head. Executing and creating a program per the established requirements will greatly help me in future work and within a professional setting.
# How do I approach developing programs?
I approach developing programs again by following the requirements set and finding solutions to any issues I have reating the program. Iteration factored into my development by continously learning new concepts and adopting them multiple times into my program. Utilizing the same conccepts for different parts of my program aided in my overall success in my final project. Learning through each milestone allowed me to go into my final project with a better understanding of the concepts and code needed.
# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computional graphics and visualizations give me new knowledge and skills that can be appliend in my future educational pathway. Being able to utilize and create code and then see if manifested in a 3D environment allowed me to connect what I do with a physical representation, which is great for a student learning the program. In a professional sense, computation graphics and visualizations gave me additonal knowledge about following requiremnts and contiously using trial and error to get the end result that the client and I would he happy with.
